think puck wound up with Montoya who
sweeps it away easily and behind the
play they're stirring again get worked
at to cross checks
he got to the neighborhood and this has
been brewing for a while absolutely
Travis is a tough guy this is it this is
the referees ball this should have been
taken care of a long time ago and it is
not so it was only a matter of time
leave the lights me spit down he's
worthless down in the bottom of the pile
please go get up please the other end is
attending Danny
thoughts are on
it's behind
couple of short shots were to live
so these two can go as long as
they're going to go and tell you a lot
and there's some great work by Denny not
only to win the fight but to show some I
guess you could say sportsmanship yeah
you can it continued on hold that about
that stop live poker going themselves or
phone box haha teddy oh my goodness you
know part of this problem folks you
watch NHL hockey up to officials and I
think when you only have one there's so
much going on especially in this game
behind the play and so difficult to
referee and I'm not helping Dean Martin
in this situations I think he could have
cured that this earlier but with two
referees a lot of this crap would not
have happened
he's funny watching al montoya he came
out of his netnames watching at the
other end Andre Pat like I ought to be
seen anything but he has not taken his
eyesight off of public panic was out
almost to his blue line I did not see my
Toyota indica you know who's going
calling him on but what I will say
that's give Montoya credit for coming
out of his net watch what Bell does
working over sterling that was the
second one that was the second one in my
toy tried to restrain his own d man then
the wolf's I to come to the aid of their
fallen forward there's one who's the
other one's going to come right there
and Mort you can see more coming in he
saw them both now whether he won handily
or two is a good question al montoya
actually came in to take Bell away from
me and Roche for some reason came in
like Superman and at the top of your
screen the Garretson Denny fight the
real fight after the fact boy there's
some nice haymakers going Denny
eventually it's a couple of good ones in
not sure how much contact on all those
but brute strength he's a big fella
and at all this it'll be interesting